Aleksandr Petrosyan: Period.
Victor Gridnevsky: I work here
Victor Gridnevsky: so
Aleksandr Petrosyan: lang
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I see a recording.
Victor Gridnevsky: Oh, thank good.
Victor Gridnevsky: Okay.
Victor Gridnevsky: I don't think anyone is here. We can wait for ten minutes or so. But yeah,
Victor Gridnevsky: I'm going to forward to you some messages, and i'm going to command from the happening. But it's something to.
Victor Gridnevsky: So
I will be talking with you guys.
Victor Gridnevsky: It's It's Also, it's. I don't like telegram very much.
Victor Gridnevsky: I don't care about it.
Victor Gridnevsky: Look
Victor Gridnevsky: so.
Victor Gridnevsky: Yeah,
Victor Gridnevsky: that's all good.
Victor Gridnevsky: Hmm.
Victor Gridnevsky: Yes, uh, so a little bit like a little guy. Um!
Victor Gridnevsky: And
Victor Gridnevsky: you know, with all this time I was absent. I am really really to fix it so I will be helping this guy
Victor Gridnevsky: with Oh, my goodness,
Victor Gridnevsky: with all his questions! But
Victor Gridnevsky: i'm not so. He's this
Victor Gridnevsky: mhm
Victor Gridnevsky: so, and she doesn't uh have questions yet,
Victor Gridnevsky: so I think I have been designing a
Victor Gridnevsky: but not really
Victor Gridnevsky: uh. It's better if i'll answer all his questions.
By the way it's I realize it, and i'm gonna send the but still.
Victor Gridnevsky: So I wonder. Yeah, he is not here anymore.
Victor Gridnevsky: Um, by the way, it's about this week. It's not about this week. We are present at the middle of the next week. Right?
Victor Gridnevsky: We like Florida.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Um! The sooner we do it the better.
Victor Gridnevsky: Okay,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I'd like to.
Victor Gridnevsky: Well, and the way at least, I want to feel the left side. So there are less questions about its contents
Victor Gridnevsky: because it looks silly right now.
Hmm.
Victor Gridnevsky: Hmm!
Victor Gridnevsky: And they have a chair. Now, i'm not a line on a
Aleksandr Petrosyan: all right,
Victor Gridnevsky: so I guess the the plan about us is
Victor Gridnevsky: not aing them today.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Uh,
Victor Gridnevsky: let's check as a type of lunch that we can. Maybe
that's
Victor Gridnevsky: yeah.
Victor Gridnevsky: So
Victor Gridnevsky: there is ten. Notice about it to be an active,
Victor Gridnevsky: but not really.
Victor Gridnevsky: I guess it's an automatic one.
How is Israel?
Victor Gridnevsky: I'm. Usual very similar to Russia,
Victor Gridnevsky: actually very similar to Russia, because
Victor Gridnevsky: quite well,
Victor Gridnevsky: if i'm being honest, um, I don't know which is better, because here it's very warm,
Victor Gridnevsky: and it's another on this
Victor Gridnevsky: for me, please,
Victor Gridnevsky: because it's good for health,
Victor Gridnevsky: but i'm not sure it is uh the same
Victor Gridnevsky: fresh, and that's it. So
Victor Gridnevsky: it's not as clean
Victor Gridnevsky: and three so
Victor Gridnevsky: well, it's
Victor Gridnevsky: because it's hot outside. And
Victor Gridnevsky: yeah,
Victor Gridnevsky: um,
Victor Gridnevsky: so it's surprising. So presently in normal, if things are stable. As for me, if um
i'm allowed to stay here,
Victor Gridnevsky: I guess this is good,
Victor Gridnevsky: but when I I will travel
Victor Gridnevsky: because
Victor Gridnevsky: it's just right in our
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Where will you travel?
Victor Gridnevsky: Um,
Victor Gridnevsky: I want to do it again.
Victor Gridnevsky: What if there is a remain here?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: The reason I mean here.
Victor Gridnevsky: Yes, yes, if there is
Victor Gridnevsky: uh
Victor Gridnevsky: a description of the police.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: George is very nice.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Georgia is nice. It's? Actually, it's It's actually extremely nice.
Victor Gridnevsky: Oh,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: yeah,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: um, believe it or not. I actually,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: in most cases I would prefer to go there.
Victor Gridnevsky: Hmm. Interesting?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Yeah,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: yeah, yeah.
Victor Gridnevsky: What's emirates?
Victor Gridnevsky: Because the whole airport was
Victor Gridnevsky: I'm! There
Victor Gridnevsky: it's like Moscow, but more high tech,
Victor Gridnevsky: and that it's old enough, was scraped completely,
Victor Gridnevsky: and this is a bit second.
Victor Gridnevsky: Nothing is old. Well, lesson is old enough.
Victor Gridnevsky: Um! Everything is expensive
Victor Gridnevsky: and just airport terminals uh massive structures that
I focused about that on some markets.
Victor Gridnevsky: So I was very confused,
Victor Gridnevsky: and it's a place of transition. So um! Nobody was asking much, But then I was asked for my documents for reputation, and so on, because I was not a tourist,
Victor Gridnevsky: otherwise no control whatsoever. So my name just just show their tickets.
Victor Gridnevsky: Very confusing place.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Sounds like you had. It covered.
Victor Gridnevsky: What
Aleksandr Petrosyan: sounds like you had it covered.
Victor Gridnevsky: Yep,
Victor Gridnevsky: thanks for that. Uh,
Victor Gridnevsky: It's very confusing, because I don't have one document that that's good. Confirm the link
Victor Gridnevsky: about my grandmother, so they could ask it, they could be ignore it.
Victor Gridnevsky: Uh, It's all about time and time. Here is confusion, the interfaces
Victor Gridnevsky: I want
Victor Gridnevsky: because um,
Victor Gridnevsky: every time you try to do something. It's like
Victor Gridnevsky: It's like when
Aleksandr Petrosyan: mhm
Victor Gridnevsky: and
Victor Gridnevsky: I don't know why
Victor Gridnevsky: I don't know the reason,
Victor Gridnevsky: but it's a good um motivation to get outside and do something outside.
Victor Gridnevsky: So that sounds great
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Christmas the whole Christmas season. Now, please don't ask why? No one quite knows the reason.
Victor Gridnevsky: Yeah,
Victor Gridnevsky: like after Russia.
Victor Gridnevsky: I did not understand why people were telling. We have a very good program in school, and so on and so forth. But
Victor Gridnevsky: here, with all these interfaces. Yeah, I understand.
Victor Gridnevsky: Some people just gave up on some parts, and
Victor Gridnevsky: it's the it's got to them
Victor Gridnevsky: and it's here the same
Aleksandr Petrosyan: makes sense.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Did you think Well,
Victor Gridnevsky: I don't know. I don't know It's like
Victor Gridnevsky: um.
Victor Gridnevsky: I don't think I don't think I will see much of this side of tech anymore, as you might imagine
I mean the old national tech.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Um,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: don't be so sure of it.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: It's not about Russian. Um! It's not specifically Russian text that you are worried about right.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: You're mostly actually worried about.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Shall we say
Aleksandr Petrosyan: a specific persuasion?
Um tech that behaves a certain way,
Victor Gridnevsky: Mhm,
Victor Gridnevsky: not really, for example, of the bank.
Victor Gridnevsky: It was uh we at last
Victor Gridnevsky: All this Ai stuff.
Victor Gridnevsky: This is the computer, but
Victor Gridnevsky: um! The piles of money they used for each of the sides of their projects,
Victor Gridnevsky: everything working smoothly mostly, and
Victor Gridnevsky: people who can help you. Well, since uh normal,
Victor Gridnevsky: well, since uh, not normal, yeah, it's completely shut down and everything is broken. But
Victor Gridnevsky: when people uh
Victor Gridnevsky: it's a very oil question, and it's a good one.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Uh yeah uh, sorry. I didn't mean to disrupt
Victor Gridnevsky: It's all good,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: because it's more convenient to use on,
Victor Gridnevsky: and that's not working
Victor Gridnevsky: up there
Victor Gridnevsky: after twelve,
Victor Gridnevsky: because of what
Victor Gridnevsky: my bank for the work of the well.
Victor Gridnevsky: So. Yeah. And then once the morning
Victor Gridnevsky: number this here still,
Victor Gridnevsky: and it's twelve minutes
Aleksandr Petrosyan: they they won't be they won't be for a while. We should probably wait for another few minutes, and then
Victor Gridnevsky: so you
Victor Gridnevsky: Not that I mean anything.
Victor Gridnevsky: It's just
Victor Gridnevsky: love surprising. I will be, I think, of a better way of storing my documents.
Victor Gridnevsky: I don't know, because
Victor Gridnevsky: some parts uh
Victor Gridnevsky: why don't, some parts are shortened.
Victor Gridnevsky: It's not the big one.
Victor Gridnevsky: Your text
Aleksandr Petrosyan: giving the uh, what are you referring to
Victor Gridnevsky: if you calling
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Uh: Well, okay. Um.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So regarding that one um, they wanted me to give them content. I gave them content. Um, what
Aleksandr Petrosyan: what they want to do with it is up to them,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: in my opinion. They uh
Aleksandr Petrosyan: they've already asked me for uh a lot
Aleksandr Petrosyan: instead of them,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: so if they still can't figure out what to do. Um! They should probably do it on their own.
Victor Gridnevsky: That's something.
Victor Gridnevsky: But the description was
Victor Gridnevsky: so. Here is this guy and hef all over the glance.
Victor Gridnevsky: There you go,
Victor Gridnevsky: I hope he at least say something.
Victor Gridnevsky: So far it's done, and I have to talk about weeks again,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Mhm?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: And i'm taking the opportunity to. You know,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: consolidate my
Aleksandr Petrosyan: everything. Really,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it looks like I can.
You can freeze everything.
Victor Gridnevsky: What do you mean?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Okay, I hope.
Victor Gridnevsky: Hmm.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Basically, Um.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Yeah. Let's wait for another ten minutes, and then we probably should just call each other directly.
Yes,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: maybe talk. We Haven't talked in a while, have we?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Okay? I know that this sounds silly. Given that you were you were here yesterday. But yeah
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it it. It was a way along the it felt like
Victor Gridnevsky: quite a while.
Victor Gridnevsky: Hmm.
Victor Gridnevsky: I'm surprised.
Victor Gridnevsky: I'm surprised about it.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Not really.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Let let's call it this way. Um.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I think that as a habit
Aleksandr Petrosyan: done precisely what they should have.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Um! Which is yours completely.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: There's just There's just no way around this. Really, it's the way it's this: the the way that we have these by weekly meeting is
Aleksandr Petrosyan: on the one hand, it is conducive to exchange of information. On the other hand,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: we haven't had anything useful to share for a while, so them not showing up is actually beneficial. We're not wasting their time.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Um,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: it. It's a different question whether or not. We're wasting our time, but I didn't think I am.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I would argue that i'm actually doing something completely. Um, actually perfectly useful in the context.
Victor Gridnevsky: Well, I was looking for the text, but
Victor Gridnevsky: with complete, awkward silence. It's not really possible
Aleksandr Petrosyan: that's true.
Victor Gridnevsky: Mhm
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Then again,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: we've done the backups. It's like a nice idea.
Victor Gridnevsky: Yeah.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: And now the
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Cloud Providers.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I'm sure that you can't trust them.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I really don't know what i'm gonna do.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I mean, previously
Aleksandr Petrosyan: my approach to this was um keep uh something on an external drive, just in case,
Victor Gridnevsky: Mhm
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and then keep some things on the flash drive
Aleksandr Petrosyan: also, just in case
Aleksandr Petrosyan: now, I probably need to buy another last drive, because um! The one I buy I bought for the archive purposes
Aleksandr Petrosyan: is no longer used for archival purposes, because it's one gigabytes in size,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and I have a lot more than that.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: There's an unreliable. Usb flash drive, which i'm afraid of using for archival purposes. Um! There's a hard disk drive which I external hard describe which I use for these purposes. But then, again, it can just get damaged along the way. And What do I do? And then the there's the question that we're using cloud providers, which,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: as I have demonstrated, was completely stupid,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and I have no idea How am I gonna? How, how i'm gonna do it? I I really don't. It seems to me that I should probably set up our things scripts, which will, uh, you know, synchronize things to several
Aleksandr Petrosyan: hosts,
Victor Gridnevsky: you know
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I should. I should definitely get a Ub key,
Victor Gridnevsky: Mhm
Aleksandr Petrosyan: probably two,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: just in case I lose one.
Victor Gridnevsky: What about what about?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So
Aleksandr Petrosyan: okay?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: My logic about this is as follows: Um, There are a few accounts which I can use to recover the rest.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So things where I've used my main email in case my email doesn't cost
Aleksandr Petrosyan: um are gonna be fine.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Problem is that email is a Russian email and it will go bust.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: It will go last time, and there's no doubt about it.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Um, in that case, having direct access to the passwords is good,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: although not perfect.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: I will also need icloud access,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: which you can probably tell Isn't going to be simple. Given that it's reserved for icloud enabled devices
Aleksandr Petrosyan: They're very expensive, and I own plan
Aleksandr Petrosyan: an apple devices like everyone.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: So the bigger question is, Can we come up with extremely reliable storage, which is going to be written to infrequently does not have any speed requirements, can be read from
Aleksandr Petrosyan: very quickly,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and is reliable enough so that you don't need to um do it on back ups.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: We answer, Yes, but it would require me to. Uh, actually, everybody stop me from
um.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Actually, what i'm gonna do is i'm gonna order a Usb: flash drive.
Victor Gridnevsky: Hmm.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Just another one, just in case this is a redundancy.
Victor Gridnevsky: Mhm
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Um, i'm going to be burning the roubles
Aleksandr Petrosyan: and probably get something with a dual Usb. A Usbc.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: There we go, flash still rich,
Aleksandr Petrosyan: one hundred and twenty gigabytes.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: That's good
Victor Gridnevsky: Mhm.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: It's really really good.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Get here by nineteenth of October.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Thirty megabytes a second.
Aleksandr Petrosyan: You'll be to by now
Aleksandr Petrosyan: not perfect. But what can you do?
Victor Gridnevsky: So?
Aleksandr Petrosyan: Yeah, let's let's just adjourn this meeting. Um. We have decided that they're not going to be doing any, So let's go. Let's
right. Yep. Let's go to now.
Victor Gridnevsky: Good. Now it is
Victor Gridnevsky: Well,
Victor Gridnevsky: i'm sure
Victor Gridnevsky: you all know,
Victor Gridnevsky: and
Victor Gridnevsky: a lot
Victor Gridnevsky: Okay,
Victor Gridnevsky: um
Victor Gridnevsky: lang.
Victor Gridnevsky: Um,
Victor Gridnevsky: what it costs
Victor Gridnevsky: lang.
Victor Gridnevsky: Oh, it's it correct.
Yeah,
Yeah, yeah,
Victor Gridnevsky: yeah.
Victor Gridnevsky: Got it?
Victor Gridnevsky: Oh, oh,
Victor Gridnevsky: oh,
yeah,
Victor Gridnevsky: The bathroom.
Victor Gridnevsky: That's right.
Victor Gridnevsky: The
Victor Gridnevsky: so gone. Listen:
Victor Gridnevsky: Well,
Victor Gridnevsky: lang
Victor Gridnevsky: that works with that
Victor Gridnevsky: lang.
Victor Gridnevsky: Let me see you.
Victor Gridnevsky: I'd see. Yeah,
Victor Gridnevsky: me, If so.
Victor Gridnevsky: No.
Um,
yeah,
Victor Gridnevsky: yeah. So far.
Victor Gridnevsky: The only
Victor Gridnevsky: I mean, yeah, I didn't
Victor Gridnevsky: lang
Victor Gridnevsky: lang,
all right.
Victor Gridnevsky: I was the
Victor Gridnevsky: um.
Victor Gridnevsky: Oh, that's true.
Victor Gridnevsky: No?
Victor Gridnevsky: Oh,
Victor Gridnevsky: yeah,
Victor Gridnevsky: yeah, that
Victor Gridnevsky: um.
Victor Gridnevsky: But the
Victor Gridnevsky: Yeah. Hold on.
Victor Gridnevsky: Hello!
Victor Gridnevsky: I'm: A really quick feeling.
Yeah,
Victor Gridnevsky: Mhm?
Victor Gridnevsky: The company almost let us do.
Hmm.
Victor Gridnevsky: No, not Uh-huh.
Got a show.
Victor Gridnevsky: Hmm.
Victor Gridnevsky: You up. Show me a
Victor Gridnevsky: the
Victor Gridnevsky: lang
Victor Gridnevsky: Mhm
Victor Gridnevsky: So we certainly
Hmm.
Victor Gridnevsky: Mhm
so far.
Uh,
Victor Gridnevsky: most of she's come on this for a call.
Victor Gridnevsky: Sorry
Victor Gridnevsky: um
got it?
So phone Annual.
Victor Gridnevsky: Okay.
Victor Gridnevsky: Got it?
Victor Gridnevsky: Go ahead for you. Twenty
Victor Gridnevsky: Mhm?
Victor Gridnevsky: Um,
Victor Gridnevsky: That's right.
Victor Gridnevsky: The
me again.
Victor Gridnevsky: And
Victor Gridnevsky: so that was the
awesome
Stop it!
Victor Gridnevsky: What? What? What?
Victor Gridnevsky: Oh, my! Go on.
Victor Gridnevsky: Okay, Bye.
Victor Gridnevsky: Okay,
Victor Gridnevsky: no.
Victor Gridnevsky: Where you
Victor Gridnevsky: Oh,
Victor Gridnevsky: is now.
Victor Gridnevsky: Um,
Victor Gridnevsky: Mhm,
Victor Gridnevsky: uh, If you think about it too much per year,
Victor Gridnevsky: the
Victor Gridnevsky: Uh:
Victor Gridnevsky: yeah,
Victor Gridnevsky: Mhm?
Victor Gridnevsky: What we are.
Victor Gridnevsky: Um:
Victor Gridnevsky: So yeah,
Victor Gridnevsky: um,
Victor Gridnevsky: okay.
Victor Gridnevsky: Oh, my!
Victor Gridnevsky: And you can get it
Victor Gridnevsky: Mhm,
Victor Gridnevsky: Uh:
So
Victor Gridnevsky: yeah,
i'm a
Victor Gridnevsky: lang
Victor Gridnevsky: watching this quickly
Victor Gridnevsky: lang.
Victor Gridnevsky: Oh, my God!
Victor Gridnevsky: What August!
Victor Gridnevsky: Uh,
Victor Gridnevsky: When you are used,
Victor Gridnevsky: You' to your writing file,
Victor Gridnevsky: Lang
Victor Gridnevsky: Lang.
Victor Gridnevsky: Well,
Victor Gridnevsky: okay,
Victor Gridnevsky: Mhm?
Victor Gridnevsky: I actually
Victor Gridnevsky: what's up
Victor Gridnevsky: it? Uh
Victor Gridnevsky: just
Victor Gridnevsky: lang,
Victor Gridnevsky: If so,
Victor Gridnevsky: No.
But she won't. Use that.
Victor Gridnevsky: The most.
Okay.
Victor Gridnevsky: Yes.
Victor Gridnevsky: Issue books. Me? Oh,
Victor Gridnevsky: i'm going to talk about you.
Victor Gridnevsky: Mhm
Victor Gridnevsky: Okay,
Victor Gridnevsky: you all your money keys,
Victor Gridnevsky: have you? Just?
Victor Gridnevsky: Uh
Victor Gridnevsky: also. Uh,
Victor Gridnevsky: we should
Victor Gridnevsky: thank you. So
Victor Gridnevsky: what?
Victor Gridnevsky: But uh
Victor Gridnevsky: it will be
Victor Gridnevsky: mhm
Victor Gridnevsky: That's right.
Victor Gridnevsky: Okay. Cool
Victor Gridnevsky: gotcha
Victor Gridnevsky: lang
Victor Gridnevsky: mhm
Victor Gridnevsky: awesome.
Victor Gridnevsky: No, i'm getting Yes. So
hmm
Victor Gridnevsky: uh, like a what?
Victor Gridnevsky: Sure? Yeah,
Victor Gridnevsky: It's a
Victor Gridnevsky: lang
Victor Gridnevsky: lang,
Victor Gridnevsky: most of um.